One of the best features the military is the ability to retire at an early
age, if you're active duty you can retire after just twenty years
of service occasionally eighteen and a half. The service really thinks
it's to the other good the service to let you go then. And at
that juncture usually get about half your base pay but none of your
housing allowances, then you get medical benefits for the rest your
life that is anytime you get to a military hospital will take care of
you, if you get to the civilian doctor there's something called tricare,
that pays kind of like insurance. So you can be taken care of.
If you're a reservist the retirement benefits don't start when you
retire, they started age sixty. So you have to wait until age sixty
before you can retire. And that's still a pretty good deal because
at age sixty, then you get a fraction of what the active duty people
get, depending on how much drilling you did and how often you went
on active duty, you know the like. They have a formulated a calculator
that comes up with some portion, but it's it's a nice little stipend
that goes longer. So security from your school and work, that is
makes it up. It's worthwhile retiring and at age sixty you get the
tricare if you want it or if you close to a military base you can go
there for medical care as well